CSS properties: intro sentence in values section part 3 (#44936)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/contain/index.md

### Values

> This property is specified as the keyword `none`, `strict`, or `content`, or a space-separated list of keyword values:

Reviewer: This info from original looks crucial - "one or more"
```suggestion
This property is specified as a single value (`none`, `strict`, or `content`) or as a space-separated list of  one or more of `size` (or `inline-size`), `layout`, `style`, and `paint`, in any order:
```
